but there will be two winners one Roku
winner and one chromecast winner
Wow you're dead inside can you call a
dyke oh my caffeine oh yeah fourth one -
hey yeah what's it made of
I'm calling them oh cool oh it's a Steve
Lieberman damn it Rayna yeah I had a
great time eating these pizzas and I'm
pretty impressed with what they're
trying to do fight a great time eating
free pizza on the company's dime with
Matt Lieberman yeah I enjoyed hearing
you chew foods as I chewed foods thank
you yes hey Brian Kinetico Michael Dante
DiMartino my best advice that I ever got
was to wipe front to back cause you
don't want poop to get in your vagina
well that's for girls so hey so are you
telling about the mechanics behind the
whole spirit weapon thing we'd like to
know the specifics of its engineering
yeah this is one nine hundred blow ways
Steven I'm sorry no it's work we're
shooting the TV show show right now and
I wanted to do to do a bit where we
called the creators of Legend of Korra
but then it didn't work out I'm sorry
yeah have you ever had a time where you
forgot we all say it and you just
factually we forget how you do it and
then you do it different other way ends
like something strange is happening wait
doesn't like doesn't your hammer and
stones get in the way yeah yeah we go
back to front there's more cleanup yeah
that's real weird there's far more
reexamination of the area you really
have to there's some lessons that need
to be learned okay well going back to
front if you've already watched all 12
episodes I've no game no life welcome
back to SourceFed nerd I'm right if
you've already walked goodness oh that
tore his lung at he tried to hold it in
I know he tried I know I know oh boy
no no I'll tell you what when I was a
kid my father took me to a ranch that my
uncle's know now lived on and I would
put these very sharp blades on the birds
and the birds would fight and why we
would watch me and cockfighting I don't
think that's rude to say that no you
take roosters and then they fight it
sounds right the other thing you said
sounds like adult film no cockfight the
name of it
exam please don't put razor blades on
them well that's how that's how rooster
fights work okay fellas
it's never coming off with that every
time I'm at this table fuckin like I'm
sorry go ahead do the thing no no you
did I'm sorry what hate it
I need a razor blade I'm gonna get a
blade and dig it deep down there so the
blood will leave my body this way not
this way yeah yes you want to go down
the block not across the street right
yeah all right ready okay hey folks walk
away my friends and the gifts and the
food who are you and what have you done
with William Haines it was all my
positivity for the whole year that was a
thing ever
yeah man Tusken Raiders of shit Jawas
I'm sick of it every Star Wars game you
go to Tatooine - no because it's fun to
say just because it's JJ wannabe in
tattooing just I get you know look if
the movie is good then that's fine this
is just like such a downer note to go
out to be different and good and the
same as always all at the same time
white handedly Oh terrific
I don't want to be the same as always I
want to be all new fresh eyes fresh
perspective fresh locations we got big
universe out there hey we saw new droids
I mean honestly I think Obama's foreign
policy was just I think it was all rude
Oh talk about the corporate liberal
regime right we talked about uh I mean
when you're talking about police
brutality out there way out beyond
Yonkers
there's a good summary
put on your sunday clothes and lock the
world
now pack with me on the tattoo we know
we'll get away from the moisture
evaporate and we'll go to the spa and
we'll get to we there's a whole universe
that better plan
I want to go water play with his whale
okay take me without my plan
water is refreshing